1. Eclipse - In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base 
   workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can 
   be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications 
   in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, 
   Prolog, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. It can also 
   be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. Development environments include the Eclipse Java 
   development tools (JDT) for Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

2. CodeLite - Open-source, cross platform (Windows, Linux & Mac OS) C/C++ IDE written with wxWidgets and released under 
   the GPL license. Features context sensitive help, auto-completion, refactoring, and a full debugging GUI. CodeLite 
   is based on plugins so it can be extended very easily.

3. Xcode - an integrated development environment (IDE) containing a suite of software development tools developed by 
   Apple for developing software for OS X and iOS. First released in 2003, the latest stable release is version 6.1 
   and is available via the Mac App Store free of charge for Mac OS X Lion, OS X Mountain Lion, OS X Mavericks and OS X 
   Yosemite users.

4. SPE (Stani's Python Editor) - a cross-platform integrated development environment (IDE) for the Python programming 
   language. The IDE is developed and maintained by Stani Michiels. SPE runs on GNU/Linux, Mac OS X and Microsoft 
   Windows and has syntax highlighting, auto completion, auto indentation, call tips, multiple tabs, syntax checking 
   and an integrated GUI designer (wxGlade) and debugger (winpdb).[2] It is based on wxPython. Available under the GNU 
   General Public License, SPE is free software.

5. NetBeans - integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages, 
   in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.[3] It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop applications 
   and others. The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms 
   supporting a compatible JVM.