1. C# - a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, 
   generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by 
   Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). 
   C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure.
   C# is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented programming language.Its development team is 
   led by Anders Hejlsberg. The most recent version is C# 5.0, which was released on August 15, 2012.

2. Visual Basic - Visual Basic is engineered for productively building type-safe and object-oriented applications. 
   Visual Basic enables developers to target Windows, Web, and mobile devices. As with all languages targeting the 
   Microsoft .NET Framework, programs written in Visual Basic benefit from security and language interoperability.
   This generation of Visual Basic continues the tradition of giving you a fast and easy way to create .NET Framework
   -based applications.

3. Java - a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and 
   specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application 
   developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA),[12] meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be 
   recompiled to run on another.

4. C++ - (pronounced cee plus plus) is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and 
   generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation. It is designed 
   with a bias toward system programming (e.g., for use in embedded systems or operating system kernels), with 
   performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design requirements.

5. PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming 
   language. As of January 2013, PHP was installed on more than 240 million websites (39% of those sampled) and 
   2.1 million web servers.[4] Originally created by Rasmus Lerdorf in 1994,[5] the reference implementation of PHP 
   (powered by the Zend Engine) is now produced by The PHP Group.

While there are a number of differences between C++ and C#, the syntax of C# is not very different from C++ and the 
transition to the new language is more easy with RAD environment of .NET. Also .NET's cross language interoperability 
can give you the ability to use C++ and C# together Finally, if you want to use a strong programming language like C++ 
with the simplicity of VB and Delphi, than you can use C# powered with CLR.